Add initial draft of paper (#76)
HarryFosterCU/Exact-Analysis-of-Heterogeneous-Moran-Processes-in-Climate-Cooperation: tex/main.tex

        \end{cases}
    \label{eqn:Moran_Probability_Function}
    \end{equation}
\end{large}

An important case which proceeds from (\ref{eqn:Moran_Probability_Function}) is that of a transition \(\textbf{a} \to \textbf{b}\) where \(\textbf{b}\) contains an individual of a \textit{type} not found in \(\textbf{a}\). 
For example, the transition $(0,1) \to (0,2)$. This would be forbidden by the intuition of a standard Moran process, as the new individual is the duplication of another individual in \(\textbf{a}\). 
However, we can see that the standard formula yields \(p_{v,u}\) = 0 because \(\nexists\) \(a_i \in \textbf{a}: a_i = b_{i^*}\). \\

We can now discuss one of the key ideas in the Moran process. As no new action types can be introduced to the population once they are fully removed, we have a set of absorbing states \textbf{a} such that \(a_1 = a_2 =...\), for which we have $p_{\textbf{a} \to\textbf{a}} = 1$. 
We denote the set of absorbing states $S^{\gamma}$.
We therefore have that the Moran process forms an absorbing Markov chain, and we can investigate the probability of the population being absorbed into each absorbing state.\\

> To show how we use this, consider a game with two players, each playing one of two actions. We have a state space

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider a game with two players, each playing one of two actions. We have a state space
```

\end{bmatrix}
\end{equation}
\end{center}

and using our previous method, we can acquire our absorption matrix:

\begin{center}
\begin{large}
\begin{equation}
\begin{bmatrix}
\frac{ e^{\frac{f_{1}{\left(\textbf{b} \right)}}{\beta}}}{\left(e^{\frac{f_{1}{\left(\textbf{b} \right)}}{\beta}} + e^{\frac{f_{2}{\left(\textbf{b} \right)}}{\beta}}\right)} & \frac{1}{\left(e^{\frac{f_{1}{\left(\textbf{b} \right)} - f_{2}{\left(\textbf{b} \right)}}{\beta}} + 1\right)}\\\frac{1}{\left(e^{\frac{f_{1}{\left(\textbf{c} \right)} - f_{2}{\left(\textbf{c} \right)}}{\beta}} + 1\right)} & \frac{ e^{\frac{f_{1}{\left(\textbf{c} \right)}}{\beta}}}{\left(e^{\frac{f_{1}{\left(\textbf{c} \right)}}{\beta}} + e^{\frac{f_{2}{\left(\textbf{c} \right)}}{\beta}}\right)}
\end{bmatrix}
\end{equation}
\end{large}
\end{center}

This function shows that once again, our absorption probabilities rely on the fitness of players in transitive states and not those of players in the absorbing states. %TODO: sentence to lead onto the next section

\subsubsection{Introspection Dynamics}

> We will now look at a model of population dynamics in which players do not consider the payoffs of other individuals in the population, but instead at their own possible payoffs. In this dynamic, the following process take place \cite{Introspection Paper 1}

Reviewer: Reference the papers, say how the first one was for just two players etc...

\begin{enumerate}
    \item A random player is chosen with probability \(\frac{1}{N}\) to reconsider their strategy \(a_{i,k}\)
    \item Said player chooses another possible strategy, \(a_{i,l}\), from the set of all possible strategies. 
    \item The chosen player replaces their strategy with probability \(p_{a_{I(\textbf{a,b})}\to b_{I(\textbf{a,b})}}(a_{-I(\textbf{a,b})}) = \phi (\Delta f_{I(\textbf{a,b})})\), where \(\Delta f_{I(\textbf{a,b})} = f_{I(a,b)}(\textbf{a})  - f_{I(a,b)}(\textbf{b})\) is the difference between the possible fitness of the new strategy and the fitness of the player's current strategy.
\end{enumerate}
This process is especially strong in a heterogeneous population. 
This is because in some cases using imitation dynamics, a player may copy a strategy due it's fitness when played by another individual in the population, despite the fact that such a strategy actually has a lower payoff for the focal player than their current strategy.

> In introspection dynamics, players do not consider the fitness of other individuals, and so cannot be fooled by high fitness strategies with attributes different to that of our focal player.

Reviewer: Can we show this numerically? A small example showing how for some small population?

> Couto \cite{Introspection Paper 2} defines the transition matrix for a process according to introspection dynamics as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The transition matrix for the introspection dynamics process~\cite{Introspection Paper 2} is given by:
```

\draw[dotted, thick] (3,3) circle (0.8cm);
\draw[dotted, thick] (3,1) circle (0.9cm);
\end{tikzpicture}\\
\hline
\end{tabular}
\caption{A comparison of different population dynamics. We assume in all cases that the triangle is chosen for replacement with a probability \(\frac{1}{N}\) and the diamond is chosen with a varying probability depending on the process. In the case of Introspection dynamics, we assume that the strategy represented by the shape being filled in is chosen with probability \(\frac{1}{k-1}\)}
\end{table}

\section{The Public Goods Game}

\subsection{The Standard Model and Transformations}

In this section, we shall see how different population dynamics can be applied to the classical public goods game. 
In this game, individuals choose whether or not to contribute to a public resource pool. 
In the end, the total resource is multiplied by some factor \(r > 1\) and distributed equally between each player. This model often encourages a behaviour known as ``free-riding" \cite{Climate Clubs}, where players refuse to contribute to the pool and simply take the benefit provided by other individuals' contribution. 

> The classic problem of a public goods game is to provide an environment where such free-riding is less profitable than contributing to the public good.\\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, we shall see how different population dynamics can be applied to the classic public goods game. 
In this game, individuals choose whether or not to contribute to a public resource pool. 
In the end, the total resource is multiplied by some factor \(r > 1\) and distributed equally between each player. This model often encourages a behaviour known as ``free-riding" \cite{Climate Clubs}, where players refuse to contribute to the pool and simply take the benefit provided by other individuals' contribution. 
The classic problem of a public goods game is to provide an environment where such free-riding is less profitable than contributing to the public good.
```

Add some references.
